{\rtf1\mac\ansicpg10000\cocoartf102
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset77 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww12800\viewh11100\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Chilly Bang! Bang! Juice Cial is 36hrs or this was that: palpable betrayal or or or Raising the idea of poetry to your lips, the miracle of having an opinion damn these personal opinions- action hero don't fly away again.  game form sound data why destination time or give me new breath in a moment i am telling you this 7 or is been manipulated forget a movie or she wanted you to know that she wasn't the cause of it died for a want of twelve bucks he couldn't or and w petulant vindication wake up feeling the need for purge / ego coated with oil bile and phlegm / Take questions ~ and burry them under eons of dirt. / After a moment's moment or when you have woken from a drum roll with a shiver || what you will do is this - scratch the loose earth with your hoe and you will find that under the surface the dirt is deep black & moist Hien? you scratch your head at first and then you realize the earth has done her job Pull your Ego free from that shallow grave with the hoe and use the edge of your boot to gently roll it down into the crick before you touch it with your hands lamoni woke up early this morning from a dream it was rain ing I was riding passenger in Kelly's car stan was in the folded down back she was giving me a ride it was raining we were driving around a partially underground road system very complex labyrinthine like lower wacker drive we pulled to a stop and I can see my books on the hood of the car dalton Trumbo's "johnny got his gun" is one of them, they're all my rare prized book and they're sitting out in the rain, unattended spread out on the hood as if for sale or something it's not clear what I say "thanks I'm getting out here" and she says "No I'll pull around closer" and she's moving I'm freaking 'cause the books are out getting wet and unattended and Kelly's driving slow and is happily self-confident I'm pissed and she's moving into the maze of road away towards the books the car but it's necessarily a circuitous route the dog is barking around as we get around I realize that the car is Simone's green Taurus and while we were out of view most of the books were stolen and those few that weren't are ruined soaked in water I'm standing in the dirty rain at the mess the loss and I think that from inside the car she is laughing at me.  I wonder why I am here, alone, and I wake up. |  apple jay say today Tried to put me outta here how many days he been gone all week commonality breeds respect | but this that or why on the cusp of danger made to endure unimaginable punishments | carol feels capable of opening her sex today | she won't. | fortune is blonde or likes a slippery perch | Nomar Garciaparra | Cell Block "D" | DR. Runtrotter Estoy Hankering carla is carla isn't.  And like an idea of a specter she hovers around like a loaded gun or a mixed metaphor.  Not useless but potent nonetheless, when I stroked the feelings of love I felt her hand reach back from time and encourage.  She's on my side, and on yours.  She calls everyday but it's not the same.  Time travel is inexorably residuals.  when I think of your sister I think of Gertrude Stein and the interrelationship between complexity and bewilderingness in the context of the growth and development of children.  Whew!  Last night I put myself to sleep thinking of Gertrude Stein describing the way your sister loved and protected you as a very small person.  Her voice, (Gertrude's, Not your sister's) resonated sonorously as she articulated the infinite facets of what made you you and so beautiful too- I had to distress?  Did she articulate or enumerate?  Her voice, like clumps of soldiers, went house to house flushing out each distinct incarnation of love.  My heart became Huge and active.  Tears uncontrollable rolled out of my eyes over my cheeks and into my ears.  distracted by your underwear 13 billion year old light dominion agency and possession Sompop Chatraporn isolation ~ rate of evolutionary change in culture christian handpick seeing Action on the HomeFront sarah, name changes name or the simple pleasure of having washed one's hands Condoleeza Rice bonemeal and fat feed rubber and fat fake Nazi blood Condoleeza Rice close wispers carries him gentle through the heart shuddering night she firm holds hand and gentle reassures him it's all right They had to die There will be no other way Somewhere we wish but its or that dancing under a moonless sky or selling it to Japan.  Love fulfills my sour actions William F. Buckley dancing in panties out on the lawn in something chiffon Who coulda foreseen everything this?  Tavistock Tavistock You'll complete me with a yoghurt or a Tee Vee That hits the spot huh! That hits the spot huh! For puppets on the left hand and puppets on the right Satan breaks the pentagram, to unleash the demons Consume Patriot there is profit in confusion or or or what you will not believe didn't hold hands or not any of that I'll not deny what I'm feeling inside cause I don't give a damn about about about Jerry Zucker the Bizarre occult Rituals of the global elite.  POKE COIL jesus killed by snakes chongo, the guy told me about the weed but I don't give a shit after viewing this photograph or I would conclude that slavery was challenging but rewarding.  Yalit thank you.  for taking over the bus we went to pizza hut in a quest to open a can of worms.  Aukland?  will you shelter us?  After we have burned ourselves into the ground?  Our way of life is pernicious or contagious or damned difficult to eradicate.  It sounds like a failing grade. | he spoke for nearly 30 minits before falling silent.  Action.  Action.  Teacher Wanted.  I've got a hankering incontinent policemen eastwest hello hello you've got a what what zoo baby no baby move in Technology has no knowledge of what is offensive.  A human assigns meanings.  | Big Balls.  My Room.  I do it.  | Sign a document.  swing an election.  function, madman, poetry depends on it.  the weight of this world is too heavy to allow You to drink yourself to sleep each and every night even if you do shoulder an unfair burden.  don't betray your fair compensation and don't compromise your spiritual gains.  Daddy, you are everywhere.  I will never forget parts of your face.  Time is a folded shape beyond articulation.  Or is it or?  Fold Daddy Time I am seeing you and you are not here.  Will this I after you are gone, eternity?  I want congress, to be a congressman.  | phatic. or fantod constant rest = death | the effects of music on our feelings have until now remained incomprehensible.  | puberty licks noisily at angel's door.  He is 43 and flirts with disembowelment.  Once I saw smug replaced with nervousness I knew it was true | crippled hottie | he was unlucky - or was it just bad luck?  | | a favorite of pimps and downtown engineers Twenty three rainbows bloom gently behind Frank Velasquez as he walks away from the squad car  "Let's set something on Fire" || looks like me but I can't see past went and or through steelcase door || TERRY PLUMMING do the chicken dance fear of being we turned into they baby, yer too damn smart no stress music k ked  |  One cat in a house is a sign of loneliness, two of bareness, and three of sodomy.  If the dead talk to you, you are a spiritualist if God talks to you, you are a schizophrenic.  Hello, what's a nice girl like you doing in...?  Desire is the thing you want.  The Bible is a drug store.  changes.  Of the events of life we have some control. but over the law of progress none. crayon | Hey! I got an idea!!  Let's have our meeting right now!  On our computers!  So!  What should we talk about!  Oh by the way, Off Kilter Empire is Fried embylical cord thang beehiver sleeving we still need x that chant pure chaos talking memes podium microphone pa prepared texts parinoid bathroom rantings bound aud Huce chanting take a fucking picture of the inside of my mind talk to me about hierarchy And I'll tell you that, I'm for Anarchy.  soft and supple, this is what you'll find or done done the doers done costumes make video General Frog , don't forget about giant sheets of paper.  Spec'ing florescent colours of ink one giant kick ass poster of Terry Plumming, someone to party with one Big scale awesome poster art B/w free egg rolls today ROW BOAT musical proportions / architectural harmonies or or or or or or not always completely honest / low ebb insecurities my name is culkin yaluacam yes, she told me in the tub last night that we are not together.  If you are a A big, voluptuous tortured artist keep at it.  If you have no ideas, get drunk, go home and start a picture | there is shooting outside the window, there is only one real situation, his mother starve to death in The Artists (are told that they) should make art.  Because that's what artists do We talk about the fundamentals of economics and the inherent conflicts in the economics of art is a hauntingly elliptical, visually mesmerizing revelation of a puzzling mystery.  her husband and her lover, a random victim A young postal clerk falls in love with a neighboring artist whom he admires from a distance An ethics professor with the culpability of impotence folds them together like the soft machine.... travel through time... you teach me how to fish... and i will eat a lifetime for a day.., maybe | skmielllly mith barty to one some someone to party ith healing suggest-a-bility kill simelly I spoke the name of my fear I dispelled it.  of relax.  what can't kill you won't kill you can't stop it crumbra_barhumba havingitout_pt2 creep extra creep generation 7 ronto she dreams whisper crack pot and bonus pt. 1 pinko?  metal fatigue.  Hair sticky with Fear.  Today, I hate money.  Kill smelly ti delledsip eman s'raef yw ekods i she toke me by the hand and led me out of the biosphere oh tomato; luscious and ripe spilt fruit on cancerous night she took me by the hand and led me to the cliffs that glow at night there watch dial, sterility watch dial bring me together i am a hot dog stand selling nuts all day or I'd stand between newspaper vendors humping myself eating stares freaking wildly everyday be cool lick the clitoris show me how wet you are unrealistic not really yes yes is yes y-_s outline I. Brief Intro (p.o.v. NO Hopeful c gruntwork B you are A. Fecal masculine proctological backwoods disgusting swept over he rose livid or musical con game S.T.P.W. terrry stpw plummming palpable betrayal Raising the idea of poetry to your lips. Indignant Notetaker grease me up I have a special camera no really he does- don't fuck with the pledge drive voodoo crab cross section of green rooms what you wanna do? or numbd out pul-a king As it gets to the number 12 6 on 13 6 on 13 6 on 13 make this real.  terry Plu my wife's second abortion was particularly gruesome.  someone to party with sxsw muscle bownd || Raoul and Roland waited on the tarmac, in the ever colder drizzel.  Raoul jumped up and down first on one leg then on the other in a futile attempt to dissipate his nervous energy.  "Aye, Aye, Aye", "I am not cold, I am not here, I am at home, playing checkers with my brother." he said to no one in particular when I cannot communicate cannot speak the language, for instance I have feeling I describe as impotent although to a technology for isolating the best of my knowledge us from those who are not I have never been impotent.  us How do women articulate this experience? ero erld even as with soft feeling makes together a part concede hemorrhage pull pull and pull why this why songbird?  one for the lunchroom cut hair the importance of nurture cannot be understated and I or that when I met my second husband he was particularly handsome In short time eorb the inability of his mind to bear the stresses of my needs wrote ugly across his face.  Therapy or a good friend but he wouldn't.  how to describe the feeling of giving oneself over to? asian photojournalist crazy ass stripper chick replaced with what I cannot see AL Always laughing laughter the taunting and the camaraderie comes out perfect here, this is the small part of life is laxidaisical but it will not always forever be so.  So here we are the elemental parts of phenomena and like gas molecules leaving a spaceship, they plot vectors unique, but with tendency.  Pick one, and infuse it with wealth.  By the time you are dead, everything you have ever known will have changed.  What place does Love hold in the coherency of the Universe?  Will Spanish ease the pain?  I want to dance naked in the Parking Mall or take three hours to eat a meal.  Now, I am here, in a room full of future, about as useful as a scientific instrument, a thermometer or a weather vane.  | And this, this here is an idea about a room full of moments,  Russian is potential and overwhelming in compassion.  OR we Rich people have alway understood that inate intelligence is a particularly fictive quality - for instance she's the one with the made up eyes Tina, how did you become a philosopher subject to arrest and punishment for the slightest lapse in judgement or misspoken phrase?  Topics, in the tropics, tended to involve a drink in one's hand.  Said, a thrill, envelope, saurtinine, wabash costume mark or boyfriend what I would let or accept mark my word suckers Or at least the right cell phone Books kept alive by teachers Collared peccary pickeral Frog "I eat like two pigs" I'm like you, I have my own spaceship I hired an awkward cart to take me across to a sweltering place where I could more easily put off the subject at hand.  Race Train.  The Colonel tugged the monocle off his wet face and unleashed a bubbling stream of curses at the smoking engine.  From this distance, through the mute filter of opera glasses, the scene was more ribald than erotic.  Nonetheless that millitary doofus loved his train in such a way that images of those Texans who expire of heart attacks on top of their third wives came without invitation.  I bounced a piaster off the cart driver's head and we ambled forward.  "24" or now v Clarinet horn knows he should have job job a job a job a job a job by now.  the dreams of a career spraying illuminated horrors and humors to the audience of the hour have now faded into the filthy alleys of survival.  He ponders the repatched hole in his shoe as he trudges through rotting snowpiles.  Fishing out the NOTEBOOK; He flips through scrawled addresses of possible futures.  He could be a bellhop today, hopping bells and avoiding smells.  This is the address is here - No, should be here, it's across the street.  Clarinet contorts his feet so's they won't suck up the slushy puddle melt.  Sucking in a rancid breath, he holds it in as he hovers up to a door, which opens and delivers a hot blast of unimaginable air.  | Clarinet horn delivers a hot blast of Unimaginable Air.  Conjuring nothing, he is a monster's song of hideous deformation.  Topbottom shouldn't be yer hot again tonight | "Is she really going out with him?"  Blonde tresses.  Sloppy.  Area coverage tick tick ticky tock.  Multiplicity; aspects of Love.  Busted nut, inscribed chaos, this way that way or yes and the hearing begins to come to the children or a mutilated future it be not retarded No or yes, be meek do your utmost to perceive accurately bounty, garden what you know what you have experienced well, met with an honest truth in this moment.  pension?  quit fucking with me.  Innoculated by force of Love or I forgot to be afraid.  relentless destiny.  Nut who what Posh and and and I idolize your hunger.  RingTones Liars Bolero Typewriter Tripod Nate Lab he is proud of what he has accomplished under a bridge?  yes, under a bridge.  how?  supremacy of NOW.  NOW?  fortune smiles or and skills and but relentless time oh yeah, relentless time now, past future intercourse and money cork whose lying to theyselves?  Batter more he i been a mother and some who'll protect you we think about fear in different ways Native garb we need Atlanta and bare shoulders crank case The human cranium and facial bones are the foundation for the soft tissues of the face and head.  most.  what do we come back to over and over again?  she's got huge titties.  severed money.  size, thickness and location.  say it three times like a jackass.  dude.  Pack your stuff and leave.  covered wagon.  triplets.  holds us together.  |  that's worth a shit chubd out I am the loudest person in any room.  his silver tongue is his pension.   hype.  I love your deformed face.  deviation.  deviate.  In the small space between you and perfect is passion pressed hard into clarity like a diamond silly yeah I keep falling for you words defy nested cheeseberger Albanian rock knees bosnia serb mace bulgaria Black sea Turkey caspian sea greece something more than pride pushed listen punch that's a brick wall behind her head he said they mighta loved each other cuddly cut short before he became a lecherous old man | dorky passion | one kilometer, you start from south point and then always you are doing this thing all the time tumbling your hands over each other in the air you hear them in the distance, screaming | luva | and then now, we will take the train to the shooting range.  Und zen nahw, ve vill take ze train to ze shooting range.  | vhelly solly sur vill you take a deesscount on de bill?  | citizen of Rhah Rhah Rhah Hairy Contravened, Behavioral economics should argued he she i anger is optimism Disgust makes people want to get rid of things things everything is tainted.  Sadness reflects loss and helplessness.  Sadness makes people want to change the circumstances of the experiential marketplace.  Manitoba Telecom took a beating in record windloss.  Predictive foils issued erratically emotional cutlasses to robots and pirates.  Scurvy was a fad made popular by its cure.  Wannamaker, that this yeah.  Bare shoulders Jesus, wadda you makea that?  Puffs considerably and what josamo can't or this that why spikes hotel and or most willing can't hoosgow one point two or this that barracuda want why.  Eating continuously, I lurched out of the pill box into a conflict resolution seminar.  "Who wants a lukewarm cup of coffee?"  I screached at the top of my lungs.  Terry Jacked his body ramrod straight exactly as we planned.  "I'll buy you one.  I'll buy you one.  I have money."  I went on, like a car alarm in a residential neighborhood.  "I think we should ass do as he says."  Terry blubbered incomprehensibly.  I couldn't have been more happy, everything was going exactly as we planned.  Sex makes or that a was what how.  Chocolate shouldn't be an excuse but it is.  Paragraphs for nothing; you shouldn't.  don't do that to me ever again.  Six risks I never regretted taking 1) driving that boat into an oncoming thunder storm to save your life last Wednesday 2) fingering gramma 3) playing hockey in the nude 4) asking Michael Riskoff for a job at Paramount 5) swimming the Bosphorus 6) closing my eyes and slowly counting backwards from twenty while driving on the expressway in the early early morning.  Terry, Roland and Ricardo waited backstage smoking a joint and listening for the ex-colonel to finish his blather.  soft fleshy pads herbert, george, a transvestive transvestite awaits you.  spot her yer back honey the AIDS has rendered her as light as a kitten Love is despicable like a paper crane in a furnace.  petite regret hey it's overwhelming to accidently touch your hand or you and or for this I show you laudatory courage tepest steadfast lax burning hold your course and steady the hold - go here look at this mooky noist laudatory courage?  ha!  yer scared as the devil and twice as guilty.  A transvestite awaits you, are you happy now?  Suds recomplete studs recompete money isn't afraid of me, is it?  |  Tom, somewhere better please.  Old habitats become.  |  'Gavesak' rock enscriptions evidence of life vegetation water lichen trees and fossils "cut down the bridge" walker walker "can't get Texas outa yer heart."  translated for the exclusive use of Betty White and the junior congressional staff of Tex dropped outa the clouds and smiled.  "It won't be long now" he said, sniffing the air hoping for a whiff of the pizza that had earned a reputation across three states.  |  Lunch is destroyed for a lack of knowledge, because thou hast rejected knowledge, I will also reject thee, seeing thou hast forgotten the Law of the lunchcounter, I will also forget thy dessert.  |  scared inside afraid of reruns florida isn't nervous why should I be.  midnight motel or figuring out the world.  hola food.  |  she looks like her incurable romantic languishing in airports | petulant showers misshapen eyesockets judgement form for you and your lady // or and but when I wasn't he winter pass sure and this cooker is a morning pregnant with possibilities or and I owe yous come back to swimming and what he did want cries reimbursement retribution or simple reconciliation.  yes.  |  Buttercorn shows weakness sure, who couldn't be | Ivan Dub weakens the pee hole, crosses himself, closes his eyes, and exhales judy popsup ambivalent and surly outsourcing skinny wishes to push gold away from her eyes but doesn't cries as she drinks  |  cries drinks cries drinks criss-crossing the earth to feel what it feels like to be a Target store criss-crossing the earth six miles above the surface of the sea Action.  You are a spaceship Clever positions undo themselves and in this light your moxie is wanton and just.  fortune isn't always what or and morning coughs trepidation itch Charles lets his Taxi roll quietly through the alleyway as he scans the radio.  Now here not a one of them entertaining he shuts it off and gives the car gas.  On the street proper he spies a black woman who might need a ride and goes the other way.  "goddamn alarm clock", fishing for a cigarette.  20 minutes for a malignancy to undo itself.     }